                                        FTW: Address
This purpose of this task is to make sure that the address and location shown for a business on
Bing will allow users to successfully reach the business.

Procedure
Business Details and Search Tool
You will see the business details that are being evaluated on the left side of the screen when
you load a hit.




Your task is to first check whether the provided entity with the original address represents a
valid, open entity.




You can use this search tool in the hitapp to find web resources to aid your judgment. This tool
allows you to select the Name and Address attributes and perform a search on Google or Bing
to find an official website or social site from the business. In this example, a website is provided
in the current business details, and you can use the “site” checkbox to perform a search
exclusively on this domain. This can be helpful for complex websites with multiple sections, but
you can also just click the URL to explore the page and find the information yourself. You will
usually be able to find the address on the footer of the home page, or in the following sections:
contact us, about us, or the store locator. If a functional website is not provided, you will have
to find a web resource to use, but there are restrictions:

Resources
 Bad Resources (DO NOT USE)                           Good Resources
     •   Business listings on Google or Bing              •   Official website (“business name”.com)
     •   Unofficial aggregator pages (manta.com,          •   Official free hosting site with activity
         localbest.com, etc.)                                 from the business in the past 365 days
     •   Unofficial or outdated Facebook pages                (“business name”.weebly.com)
         (posts are only user comments, or over           •   Official Facebook page with recent
         365 days old from the business)                      posts from the business (365 days)
The website must show a name and address that match the provided business details. The
general principle is that so long as the addresses refer to the same location, they are a match,
though you may encounter some peculiar situations in the many different countries you can
encounter here.

If you’ve found no evidence that the provided entity details match an entity that is currently
open, you should mark all address components and the location as Unable To Verify. But if you
do have a good resource for the entity, you will select all the values that match the provided
entity and submit the hit. Though please make sure to check for any possible improvements
that are possible for the existing address.

Address Improvements
 Existing Option          Improved Form
 1836 Westlake Ave N,     1836 Westlake Ave N Ste If a business address has a suite number,
 Seattle, WA 98109        302, Seattle, WA 98109  it should be included.

 1836 Westlake Ave        1836 Westlake Ave N Ste If a business address features a cardinal
 Ste 302, Seattle, WA     302, Seattle, WA 98109  direction, this is also something we want
 98109                                            to see included in the address.

 1836 Westlake Ave        1836 Westlake Ave N Ste      If an existing business address had the
 Ste 302, Seattle, WA     302, Seattle, WA 98109       wrong postal code, we want to ensure
 98108                                                 that it gets corrected.


If any of these improvements are possible, you should select Values above are missing or
wrong and make the improvements to the address. If you are not able to find evidence that the
original business is open, you should investigate whether any of the alternate values that are
available represent an open business.

 Example:                                         In the screenshot to the left, the 1409 Willow
                                                  St Ste 400 address is what we currently have
                                                  listed in the current business details. After
                                                  you determine that there is no evidence that
                                                  the business is open at 1409 Willow St, you
                                                  would need to check to see if the business is
                                                  open at 2751 Hennepin Ave S Ste 712.
                                                   There is web evidence that the business
                                                   exists at this location from the website listed
                                                   under the current business details,
                                                   https://tomglaserlp.com/. In some cases, you
                                                   may have to search for a new website using
                                                   the business details.

                                                   Since we can see that the second address
                                                   option is correct, it should be selected. If this
                                                   option were missing the suite number (#712),
                                                   you would need to select Values above are
                                                   missing or wrong and manually enter in the
                                                   address with this information.

You will also provide separate judgments for the city, state/province, and postal code. If you
can find no evidence to support any of the suggested values as the new address, you can
attempt to see if the correct location is available from the good web resources.

Additional Tips
   • Chain entities: Businesses like Starbucks have thousands of locations spread across a
       single country. If you have a chain entity such as this, and the current business details
       show an address that does not match an existing location, then there could be dozens of
       valid choices that you could make for the new address. Our interest is in cleaning up the
       existing business details, and so we would not update to a different chain location, as
       that is an entirely different entity. The problem with this business is not the address, it's
       that it even exists in the first place. This problem will be handled in a different hitapp. If
       the suggestion doesn't make any improvement to the existing business details because
       they refer to a business that does not appear to exist, please mark this as Unable to
       verify.
   • Service area businesses: There are some businesses that provide a service and their
       websites only indicate a city or region where the service is provided. These businesses
       will sometimes be listed with the home address of the person running the business, but
       they typically do not want customers to show up at their home. Please select I verified
       value should be empty for these businesses when they do not provide an address. But if
       they do provide an address on the website or official social profile, you should use it.
   • Departments: Make sure to pay attention to any department indicated in the name,
       particularly for universities and hospitals, since these departments typically have their
       own unique suite number.

Map Location
After you have judged the correct address, you will have to make sure it is correctly placed on
the map. If you could not find good web evidence for the business and selected Unable to
Verify for the address components, select Unable To Verify for the location as well.
Otherwise, the following section will let you know what you need to do to identify and select
the correct location.
Using the Tools
Click on ‘Markers’ (1, 2, or Judge Marker) to center the map over that marker. Press the + (or
ctrl + scroll up) to zoom in. Press button ‘Zoom to fit’ at the lower left to show all markers.
Manually input a lat/long in the ‘Location’ field to reposition the Judge Marker, or use the
mouse to move the Judge Marker which then updates the ‘Location’ field. Click the radio
buttons under ‘Selection’ to choose one of those options. Change views from Aerial to Road,
Bird’s eye, or Streetside, or drop into Streetside directly by clicking the light blue track (seen on
W Grand Ave below). Expand or collapse the map beneath Streetside using the up/down
button. Exit Streetside by pressing the x at upper right. Use the Bing.com or Google.com links,
or press the Bing Maps logo in the lower left to open the map at the current location.




Pin Placement
To choose a valid pin or set a good pin, you need to know 1) what makes a good pin and 2) how
to verify it.

Valid Pin Placement
A valid pin will nearly always be over a building and at the provided address. If you can find a
CWS that confirms the given name and address, you can look for the business name at the
location. You may also see the business in old street images. If you could not find good web
evidence for the business and selected Unable to Verify for the address components, select
Unable To Verify for the location as well.
                     A pin                                            This pin is valid for Franklin
                     right on                                         Falls, which is a natural
                     the edge                                         feature and therefore will
                     of the                                           not be inside a building.
                     valid area                                       Here, user uploaded
                     is valid.                                        images are especially
                                                                      helpful to pinpoint the
                                                                      location, but you may also
                                                                      try the CWS, Wikipedia,
                                   regular street images, aerial imagery, or in the USA the GNIS.

Extent of Business or Address Area
The business storefront or address extent will determine the valid pin area. This is best
explained through examples.

 The Pantry On Tap Oil and Vinegar
 7634 S Westnedge Ave, Portage, MI, 49024
 (269) 978-6641
 https://www.thepantryontap.com/

 Street images show that each storefront
 has a distinct address. Thus the valid pin
 must be on the building area roughly
 defined by the storefront. Pin #1 is right
 on the border so it is valid. Pin #2 is not
 valid because it is on the parking lot.
KYong Skin Care
7795 W Sahara Ave, Las Vegas, NV, 89117
(702) 900-3228
http://www.kyongskincare.com/

The given website does not have this
location any longer. Navigate to the
address and find all storefronts in this
center address to 7795 per street images.
It is not possible to find evidence of the
storefront ‘KYong Skin Care’ in old street
images, so any pin over the building is
valid. Choose Pin #1.
Auto Expo
7912 Ardmore Rd, Norfolk, VA, 23518
(757) 828-7131
http://www.autoexpova.com/

The given website no longer has this
address, so shift to street images, which in
Apr 2019 shows the business sign and the
building number 7912 painted on the
doorway. By this, you can approve Pin #1.
 Baldwin Park Animal Care Center
 4275 Elton St, Baldwin Park, CA, 91706
 (626) 962-3577
 https://animalcare.lacounty.gov/

 Currently the given business exists at the
 given address. The CWS has a map of the
 buildings, all of which pertain to 4275
 Elton St. Therefore a pin on any of the
 buildings would be considered valid. You
 can approve Pin #1.




 Goodwill
 Putnam Village Shopping Center,
 Hurricane, WV, 25526
 (304) 757-4365
 http://www.goodwillkv.com/

               While the entire building
               pertains to the Putnam
               Village Shopping Center, you
               can see the precise location
               of Goodwill in street images,
               so it’s possible to move the
 Judge Marker to the center of the valid
 area (the crossing point of the dashed
 yellow lines in the image at left). It is not
 necessary to place the pin nearer the main
 entrance.

Bad Pin Placement
Do not place or approve a pin that is in the street, on a highway, on a sidewalk, in a parking lot
or area, not clearly on a building, or on the grounds of a building.
Good for Verifying Pin
Company Website (CWS)
Try to find a CWS (Company Website) with matching name and address; the website may clarify
their location under menu headings like Contact Us, Location, Directions, etc. Larger entities
like airports and universities may have maps.

Street Images
You can find street images using 1) Embedded Streetside Tool From Bing Maps, 2) External Bing
Maps Streetside ↗, 3) External Google Maps Street View ↗, and 4) Panorama/全景 at Baidu
Maps/百度地图 https://map.baidu.com/ ↗.

Other Good Resources to Verify Pin. Zillow (USA). Also if street blocks are numbered by a
regular pattern, you can consider proof that the given building number would fall on a certain
block.

Bad for Verifying Pin
Do not take the lat/long pin coordinates directly from map engines!

Pin Selection Reminders
Where pin 1 and 2 are confirmed as equally valid, choose pin 1.
Where pin 1 is probably valid but you can’t get solid confirmation (and pin 2 is either wrong,
missing, or not better than pin 1), choose Unable to Verify.
Where pin 2 is probably valid but you can’t get solid confirmation (and pin 1 is either wrong or
not better than pin 2), choose pin 2 (here, our aim is incremental improvement of the pin).
If you have a pin over any portion of the correct area (including right on the edge), it’s valid and
can be chosen. If there are no pins over the correct area, place the pin over the center of the
correct area.

Zoom in to the fullest extent when setting the Judge Marker.

The business storefront or address extent will determine the valid pin area. If the business can
be linked to the location, consider the name and the address to set the pin. If you could not
find good web evidence for the business and selected Unable to Verify for the address
components, select Unable To Verify for the location as well.
